and point
here in the stadium but well triumph
and finally 10 against the
america but in parts first the
I return the Turk Mohamed
moderate applause but not with euphoria
to think like that is a return a return
expected from the Turkish here to the
city ​​after it was announced that it was going
to lead the team of the America in the
hobby as you say this one they received it
well and after the whistle well as
well said he that is rival exactly
several interesting plays but some
they the most important in a heel
of fidel martínez that almost marks in the
first part that would have been
truly a great goal, but not for
the second time and clearly that is what
became the dominator
that's mainly me crown had a
that a great individual play hits
the post and subsequently had to leave
injured ankle for years commented
that there is nothing of consideration but
it was one of the clearest moves that
I had just like in the castle about
everything in what was the unfolding of
tijuana and that continued to point was of
mark but then muñoz had enough to
see was sparked to the Hungarian camera these
teams and they know very well and
unfortunately and he was expelled
does it unfairly
was not the one who was part of it and should
to come an appeal from
tijuana and perhaps reduction
punishment had been ruled out but I ayoví 7
point so is the Ecuadorian jaime ayoví
he had minutes entered instead of hercule
gomez and did not really have much towards the
offensive but then he says win
exactly is the most important thing
and at the peak moment, the triumph
with alone in that action that finally
remains in the area and pellerano returns to
put goal to beat the American
exactly like that occasion and there
in the Aztec stadium from outside the
area did it again here in the
Hot to mark the stadium
would be the final marker of a
goal for zero triumph deserved for the
clients we go with Caesar Farias their
words at the end of which
internationally I imagine
the best team
it's part
positive things that were seen in the
court because
the situations of goal
meanwhile as someone who knows the
gesture of handling the ups and downs as
is Turkish is not exactly the
america team coach makes
the balance of what was this defeat
against the tijuana team I felt very
bit weird because I did not know in the
visitor dressing but well pleased
by the reception people
for the memories that he has left us here
and if it's a time
by ties exceeded the team does not
found the ball and good
I hope we serve is learning
all all matches serve as
experience and we close with the figure of
cristian pellerano party that is another
once had a great game not nothing
more recovering balls defending but
with his great offensive contribution he
we made a great match I think we went
very superior we had the situations
clearer throughout the 90 minutes
and I think it would have been a point out there
we did not have the three points like that
we are very happy about that
we are very grateful to
that what Antonio told us to each one
of us and in that sense one one
he is always grateful
it's important to win so
represents the rival and for what it is
assert the point of the other day of
visitor then it's good to start like this
to make us strong and we have to
try to keep working to continue
down this road from the stadium
hot for sports chains luís
ramírez ernesto spin rodrigo but no longer
There are m for group sports chains
chains
point
how